Falun Gong is a set of exercises created by Li Hongzhi. Falun Dafa is a set of beliefs created by Li Hongzhi.

# Crazy claims in Zhuan Falun

## Zhuan Falun - The Fifth Talk - Law Wheel Design
In this section of Zhuan Falun, Li Hongzhi claims that a cultivator was possessed by a snake during the Ming Dynasty. Now, the snake challenged Li Hongzhi, but Li Hongzhi won. When the snake challenged him again, Li Hongzhi completely destroyed him.

> The first time I went to Guizhou Province to transmit the practice, there was this guy who arrived right during the middle of one of my classes. He said that his grandmaster wanted to see me and that his grandmaster was so-and-so, who’d cultivated for a ton of years. I saw that the yin qi this guy had was awful, and his face looked a sickly yellow. So I said that I didn’t have time and wouldn’t go see him, I turned him down. This made his grandmaster really upset and he started giving me trouble. He messed with me all the time. I’m someone who doesn’t like to fight with others, and he wasn’t even worth a fight anyway. Whenever he fetched bad things and brought them over I would just clean them up, and after that I’d get back to teaching my Law.
Back in the Ming Dynasty there was this cultivator, and he got possessed by a snake when he was cultivating. He never managed to finish his cultivation, he died, and the snake took over his body and eventually cultivated a human form. That person’s grandmaster was the human form which that snake had cultivated. His nature hadn’t changed, so he transformed into a big snake to mess with me. I thought it had really crossed the line, so I caught it in my hand and used an extremely powerful gong called Dissolving Gong to melt its lower body into water. Its upper body slithered back to where it came from.
One day, a young follower of his contacted the Assistant in charge of the Guizhou Assistance Center, and told her that his grandmaster wanted to see her. So the Assistant went. She entered a pitch black cave and couldn’t see anything, except for a shadow that was sitting there, with its eyes emitting green light. When the eyes opened the cave lit up, and when the eyes closed the cave went dark. He said in a local dialect, "Li Hongzhi is coming again. This time none of us will do those things. I was wrong. Li Hongzhi is here to save people." His follower asked him, "Grandmaster, please stand up. What’s wrong with your legs?" He replied, "I can’t stand anymore. My legs were injured." After he was asked how they got injured, he began to talk about how he made trouble. But then in 1993 at the Asian Health Expo he messed with me again. He was always doing terrible things and tried to ruin my transmitting of the Great Law, so I completely destroyed him. After he was destroyed his brethren in the practice all wanted to take action. I said a few words then, and they were shocked, really scared.
None of them dared to do a thing—they knew what was going on. Some of them were still totally ordinary people, and they had cultivated for a long time. So these examples are just to help you understand consecration.
>
https://falundafa.org/eng/eng/zfl_new_5.html
(“The Religion of Falun Gong” by Benjamin Penny)
