The paper "Falun Gong and the Internet: Evangelism, Community, and Struggle for Survival" states:

> Soon after the PRC government began its crackdown on Falun Gong in July 1999, Li (in exile at the time) largely disappeared from public view. The only major “sighting” of him consisted of a photo posted on Falun Gong websites in January 2000, showing Li meditat- ing in the mountains and supposedly watching over his followers from afar. In May 2000, a “splinter group” of practitioners in Hong Kong gathered around Belinda Peng Shan-Shan (a former contact person for the movement), claiming that she had obtained supreme enlight- enment and was now the rightful leader of Falun Gong. They pointed to the online photo as proof that Li was now removed from the world and that Peng could legitimately take his place. In response, a state- ment attributed to Li was posted online, reaffirming Li’s role as mas- ter and harshly repudiating Peng’s claims. In the following months, a propaganda battle broke out between the two sides, with frequent denunciations posted on rival websites.

> Peng’s splinter sect has subsequently done little to weaken Li’s centrality to the Falun Gong movement as a whole, but it appears to have convinced him that a distributed system of websites poses certain dangers to Falun Gong. In the wake of Peng’s leadership challenge, a few ofLi’s close associates began a major consolidation of Falun Gong websites, establishing a hierarchical structure with Minghui as the central site. In the summer of 2000, leaders distributed a notice that Falun Gong sites should mirror the articles and postings on Minghui. Li concurred, stating that “on important matters, practitioners must watch the position of Minghui Net.” Since then, Minghui (along with its English version Clearwisdom.net) has become the dominant presence among Falun Gong websites. When the North American site buhuo.org questioned the authority of Minghui, it was placed under the direct control of Minghui’s webmasters and eventually eliminated. Subsequently, editors of the movement’s central site have shown little tolerance for deviations from the official line.

The evidence below reinforces Li Hongzhi's guru characteristics. It also shows that Falun Gong websites are ordered to copy Minghui, that Falun Gong websites are subjected to a hierarchical system. Dissident Falun Gong websites may be shut down.

https://people.bu.edu/tboas/falungong.pdf
